Issue #50: Add documentation for ImportExportStandardObjects. (#55)
RotherOSS/doc-otobo-admin: content/administration-area/ticket-settings/services.rst

   Changing the name of this object should be done with care, the check only provides verification for certain settings and ignores things where the name can't be verified. Some examples are dashboard filters, action control lists (ACLs), and processes (sequence flow actions) to name a few. Documentation of your setup is key to surviving a name change.

> To export one or more services:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Import / Export
---------------

To export one or more services:
```

1. Click on the *Services Export* button on the left.

> 2. Select the services which you want to export.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Select the services you want to export.
```

3. Click on the *Export* button.

.. figure:: images/service-export.png
   :alt: Service Export Screen

   Service Export Screen

To import a set of services:

> 1. Select a corresponding file in the file picker in the *Import / Export* widget.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Select a file using the file picker in the *Import / Export* widget.
```

2. Optionally tick the *Override existing entities* checkbox.
3. Click on the *Services Import* button.

.. warning::

>    When importing nested services, all parent services need to be imported as well or to already exist on the system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   When importing nested services, all parent services must be imported as well or already exist on the system.
```
